# RubyLouroPortfolioSiteDocumentation
For this project, I created a portfolio site for my personal interdisciplinary art practice. I utilized html and css in its entirety. The site included a main page, work page, contact me, and about me page. While I used html and css mainly, I also utilized CSS grid to try and experiment with some of the subpages. Another feature that I really enjoy is the hover effect I was able to achieve with the navigation bar. I went through a lot of tutorials and tried code snippets from CodePen, the Box Border Animation, for the hover effect but it was very glitchy for me and didn’t give me the effect I wanted. So, using the same conventions as that code as simple as “border”, I created my own nav bar settings, creating a dashed border with padding around it. 
As for the revision process, most of my suggestions from my Google Form I linked in my site said to add more content to my website. Of course, it was in its early stages and only had details for one project. I added info to one more project and plan to add more. Also, I received a comment that said the text was too big and hard to read. In turn, I added some page breaks and adjusted the text size and margin size to make it easier to read on a mobile device. The last revision I made was to make an icon container to hold my social media icons and get those to work as clickable links. 
This website is my first ever that’s fully coded. So it’s safe to say it was a big jump from my first coding project which was an online Business Card. It was an intense project for me, I definitely do not see myself as a professional in coding. I had a lot of struggles and hiccups along the way, but I do feel like I’ve learned a lot. I feel as though it’s quite a simple website, but without having much prior knowledge of code, I’m happy with what I was able to achieve. Along with all the coding, I also created some personal branding. This included a logo as well as some other imagery, like my homepage hero image on the site to aid in creating a cohesive branding for myself. Overall this project was super fun and a healthy challenge for me.
